You are not afraid of death
Of course I'm afraid
Who is not afraid of death?
Your mouth is telling the truth
Fear of death and risk your life
Tell me what you want from me.
I want
Your Love
You might as well ask me for money directly.
I'm serious.
I don't want your money.
Not a cent.
Or I can support you
But you have to save the flowers.
I'm running out of money.
You want to take care of me
OK
How much does it cost to support you for a year?
Why are you laughing?
Is it expensive?
You make a price and I'll see if I can afford it.
I'm going to get the blood test report
Are you expensive?
I didn't expect it.
There are few banquets that are not close to women's sex
He actually rushed into the hospital with a woman in his arms
What if it gets out?
How many women have been hurt to break their hearts
What about the blood test report?
This is serious.
The residue on the blade is a new type of displacement agent
Large amounts can kill
Small amounts will hurt
Then if he doesn't have an antidote
You can't have children in 48 hours.
How to get the antidote